Clarify correct examples (#38589)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-messages/nullable-warnings.md

To remove these warnings, you need to add code to change that variable's *null-state* to *not-null* before dereferencing it. The collection initializer warning may be harder to spot. The compiler detects that the collection *maybe-null* when the initializer adds elements to it.

> In many instances, you can fix these warnings by checking that a variable isn't null before dereferencing it. For example, the following example adds a null check before dereferencing the `message` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many instances, you can fix these warnings by checking that a variable isn't null before dereferencing it. Consider the following that adds a null check before dereferencing the `message` parameter:
```
